# Deep-learning-based-on-convolutional-neural-networks-to-classify-nanobiomechanical-data-
 Code to classify nanobiomechanical data using CNN
Adrian Martinez-Rivas graduated from the Instituto Politécnico Nacional (IPN) in Mexico. He obtained a master's degree in Microelectronics and Microsystems Design at Paul Sabatier University (UPS), where he adapted a classical neural network activation function to address thermal problems in microsystems. He holds a PhD in Nanobiotechnology from the Institut national des sciences appliquées (INSA), where he worked at the Laboratoire d'analyse et d'architecture des systèmes (LAAS-CNRS) in Toulouse (France). During his doctoral research, he fabricated in a clean room a complete nanobiosensor that works with quantum tunnelling effects at room temperature and Coulomb blockade to detect cancer biomarkers, integrated with microchannels.
He recently completed with honours a Master's degree in Big Data, Marketing and Management at the TBS school in Toulouse (Grande école), France. During this programme, he implemented a novel strategy based on convolutional neural networks applied to the detection of nanobiomechanical cellular image data and conducted a market study. He has also completed a master's degree in quantum computing technology, with honours, in which he implemented quantum neural networks using TensorFlow quantum and demonstrated their potential to outperform classical neural networks in solving real-world credit card fraud detection datasets.
Adrian has 14 years of experience leading multidisciplinary projects related to micro-nanofabrication methodologies, integrating nanomaterials such as graphene and carbon nanotubes, quantum-based nanobiosensors and microfluidics. He has published several peer-reviewed articles and holds a patent and a PCT. After obtaining financial support of more than $500,000, he acquired a turnkey electron beam lithography (nanolithography) system unique in Latin America, which he has been responsible since 2015 to carry out nanofabrication processes, currently focused on quantum hardware. Additionally, he has supervised and graduated several MSc and PhD students, including one in an international cotutelle programme. He has played a key role in organising symposia at the International Materials Research Congress (IMRC) and has been a member of the international Micro and Nanoengineering (MNE) committee. Adrian has been actively involved in international projects with French colleagues, focusing on nanotechnology and machine learning (currently classical and quantum), funded by the French National Research Agency.
